Update uTwin docs (#125)
eclipse-uprotocol/up-spec: up-l3/utwin/v2/README.adoc

Reviewer: I'm having issues with the cache management rules. Why would the uTwin persist the cached information?

Author: If flash storage use is added for uTwin content, this then enables the last known value of content to be maintained through power cycles - similar to the approach used by uSubscription.   Intent here is to leave this as a hook for doing so in the future.   Tags on content to indicate whether it is current or the restored value will be worthwhile if we add persistent storage for uTwin cached data in the future.   From a value perspective - a case where a window is supported by a fully closed or fully open sensor, but for which the supporting software is able to calculate, once either sensor has been triggered, a % open value based upon motor turns, would be a sample where persistent uTwin data would be of value.

uTwin instances act as a distributed networks of caches that can communicate to retrieve values without requesting a new publication, in case a uTwin instance is lacking a Topic entry in its own cache, by retrieving the last event from the cache (uTwin instance) running on the same device as the publisher of the topic). Using the analogy of a cache, it may also be useful to implement, later, a flush() command, that would remove the last known state for specific Topics, or all Topics of a given uDevice, etc.

=== uTwin Cache Management

uTwin will initialize its cache on startup with the following scenarios:

* when running without persistent storage, the cache will be initialized to an empty condition
* when running with persistent storage (future option), the cache can be initialized to the last saved state for each Topic.

> uTwin MUST indicate when its capacity is exhausted and it is unable to accept a new / updated SetLastValue command.

Reviewer: MUST needs to be bolded and I don't follow the requirement. We only cache the last known event per-topic so is this requirement for when we can no longer cache any topics as the cache is full?

> uTwin should actively manage its cache to ensure that the oldest and lowest priority Topics are removed from the cache in order to ensure that new/updated content can continue to be accepted.  This should be done as a background/idle task to decouple it from impacting active uTwin transactions, potentially based upon a set threshold (e.g. 95% full).  Criteria for protection of higher priority content will need to be established, along with determination of "staleness" for specific topics/topic classes.

Reviewer: I really don't think cache requirements are generic and per the protocol but should be documented in the implementations of uTwin.  Also "oldest" would need to be elaborated on, same for lowest priority. If we want to provided detailed caching rules then this needs to be elaborated a lot more.

Author: Added refinements to the text, and also for "oldest", as well as priority.   I can add further details including a sequence diagram if this would be of value.

* when running without persistent storage, the cache will be initialized to an empty condition
* when running with persistent storage (future option), the cache can be initialized to the last saved state for each Topic.

> uTwin *MUST* indicate when its capacity is exhausted and it is unable to accept a new / updated SetLastEvent command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uTwin *MUST* indicate when its capacity is exhausted and it is unable to accept a new / updated `SetLastMessage()` command.
```

Author: Updated via merge

In the event that limited cache capacity is available for uTwin and the potential exists for it to run out of capacity if all or a significant portion of available Topics provided by or used by on-device uEs, uTwin *SHOULD* actively manage its cache to ensure that the oldest and lowest priority Topics (subject to implementation-specific constraints) are removed from the cache in order to ensure that new content can continue to be accepted.  

> If uTwin cache scrubbing is supported, this *MUST* be implemented so as to prevent it from adding latency to active uTwin SetLastEvent transactions, potentially based upon a configurable threshold (e.g. 95% full).  Criteria for protection of higher priority content will need to be established, along with determination of "staleness" for specific topics/topic classes.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't read correctly, can you please reword it. You say if then you add MUST so is a a MAY or MUST?

== Interface
The proposal defines a new Digital Twin service, named uTwin, exposing the following API:

=== Access to last known state

> *API: `rpc GetLastEvents(repeated Topic) returns (GetLastEventResponse)`*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*API: `rpc GetLastMessages(GetLastMessagesRequest) returns (GetLastMessagesResponse)`*
```

Author: Updated per the merge

> `GetLastEvents()` sends back a CE that was stored in the uTwin instance. uTwin's behavior is similar to a cache, it therefore has no "obligation" to retain the data and in worst case it will simply not provide the last published event.  Applications that make use of uTwin *MUST* therefore account for the possibility that the uTwin cannot deliver the event they are requesting. This may happen in the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GetLastMessages()` returns the UMessage(s) stored in the uTwin instance for the passed topics. uTwin's behavior is similar to a cache, it therefore has no "obligation" to retain the data and in worst case it will simply not provide the last published event.  Applications that make use of uTwin *MUST* therefore account for the possibility that the uTwin cannot deliver the event they are requesting. This may happen in the following cases:
```

Author: Updated per the merge

Reviewer: In the future, please commit the suggestions in your pull request

* uTwin is out of memory and cannot store new incoming events (the policy that defines what events are prioritized to be stored is implementation-dependent)
* uTwin has restarted and its internal cache that stores the last events is not persistent

> The implementation of `GetLastEvents()` *MUST* enforce permissions associated with the Topic being requested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of `GetLastMessages()` *MUST* enforce permissions associated with the Topic being requested
```

Author: Updated per the merge

WARNING: Usage of this function *MUST* be restricted to uProtocol core components, specifically the uBus

> The implementation of SetLastEvent *MUST* enforce permissions associated with the Topic being requested. Either checking permission for each request, or if calling this API is structurally embedded inside uBus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of `SetLastMessage()` *MUST* enforce permissions associated with the Topic being requested.
```

Author: No longer present.

=== Remote last known state

> A uTwin instance *MUST* run on each uDevice. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each device *MUST* have its own instance of uTwin. 
```

Author: Updated.

> Each uTwin instance *MUST* store the last published event on each Topic it 'manages', including event received by Streamers (therefore remotely published)  and published to 'local' subscribers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uTwins *MUST* store the last published event for all topics (local and remote) published to the device.
```

Author: Updated

In some cases, a uE might require one-time access to a Topic, that is, to receive only the last event published on a Topic, without receiving future events that will be published. uTwin can be used for this purpose. There are 4 possible cases in this scenario:

* *The requested Topic is already subscribed by another uE running on the same device:*

>   ** The last published event has already been stored in the uTwin instance for the device, and as a result, can simply be returned when requested by `GetLastEvents()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ** The last published event has already been stored in the uTwin instance for the device, and as a result, can simply be returned when requested by `GetLastMessages()`
```

Author: Updated per merge
